Frank Brasington
CS362
Assignment 2 part2


This text document is broken up into 3 parts. 1 for the Cardtest.java and one for the CardCollectionTest.java and 3 third
to address any questions for the assignment not answered in parts 1 & 2.

CardCollectionTest.java:
The apporach I took to this was to check the collection of cards by adding and removing cards from the deck.

First I checked that when a new CardCollection is made that the deck is empty. The deck was empty as expected.

Then I checked what happens when a card is removed from the top, middle and bottom of each deck.
No problems were encountered when cards are removed from the top of the deck.
There were errors when cards are removed from the middle and bottom of the deck. The last card from the middle and bottom
both had the last card in the deck with the wrong value. 

This is were I would begin my search for the problem.

CardTest.java
First test I did was to comfirm that all the cards in the deck were the proper cards. 
I found that the deck had 52 cards and all the cards were unquine in value.

All of the cards are visibles or not visible as per the setup.

I was unable to find any errors in the Card.java.

The BUG:
The bug appears to be when cards are removed. The removing cards from the deck. The bug as I understand it is that
the shifting of cards over doesn't work for when any card other than the top of the deck is removed. The error appears
to be caused when the remove function encoutures the handpos of the card that is removed. 

Would this error surface when the class was used for the following: 
...a deck where cards are always drawn from the top?
	I was unable to find an error for this case.
...a hand where the player is required to keep their cards in order?
	I was unable to find a way an error could happen for this case.
...a deck that is shuffled by removing cards from a random place in the deck and adding them back via method add?
	This seems to be the main problem. From what I was able to find adding and removing cards not to the top of the deck causes
cards to not have their expected values.
